Preview URL documentation (#839)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/ref_devfile-reference.adoc

In addition to the `vscode-task` commands, the Che-Theia editor understands `vscode-launch` type using which you can specify the launch configurations.

> === Command's Preview Url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Command preview URL
```

> You can specify preview url for commands that exposes web UI. This url will be offered to open after command is executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to specify a preview URL for commands that expose web UI. This URL is offered for opening when the command is executed.
```

[source,yaml]
----
commands:
    - name: tasks
      previewUrl:

>         port: 8080

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        port: 8080     <1>
```

>         path: /myweb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        path: /myweb   <2>
```

      actions:
      - type: exec
        component: go-cli
        command: "go run webserver.go"
        workdir: ${CHE_PROJECTS_ROOT}/webserver
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `port` is tcp port where your application listen. This parameter is mandatory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> TCP port where the application listens. Mandatory parameter.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `path` is path part of the URL to your UI. This parameter is optional, with root `/` as default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> The path part of the URL to the UI. Optional parameter. The default is root (`/`).
```

> Example above opens `http://<server-domain>/myweb`, where `<server-domain>` is URL to dynamically created Kubernetes Ingress or OpenShift Route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example above opens `++http://__<server-domain>__/myweb++`, where `_<server-domain>_` is the URL to the dynamically created Kubernetes Ingress or OpenShift Route.
```
